Change Log
==========

Version 0.6.0 *(2020-09-14)*
----------------------------

 * New: Annotate generated module with `@InstallIn` if the `@AssistedModule` is also annotated with
   `@InstallIn`. If the `@AssistedModule` is not annotated with `@InstallIn` and Hilt is available on
   the classpath, the generated module will be annotated with `@DisableInstallInCheck`.
 * Fix: Ignore `copy` method when searching for `@Assisted` annotation. The Kotlin compiler will copy
   the annotation to this method on a `data class` which we cannot disable.


Version 0.5.2 *(2019-11-22)*
----------------------------

 * Fix: Properly honor target `-source` version when generating the `@Generated` annotation on sources.


Version 0.5.1 *(2019-10-28)*
----------------------------

 * New: Support incremental annotation proessing in inflation inject (previously it was only supported
   by assisted inject).
 * Fix: Change annotations to class retention to actually allow incremental annotation processing
   to work.


Version 0.5.0 *(2019-08-08)*
----------------------------

 * New: Support incremental annotation processing.
 * Fix: Explicitly sort generated module bindings to ensure stable output and avoid recompilation.
 * Fix: Support nested `@AssistedModule` and `@InflationModule` classes.


Version 0.4.0 *(2019-04-05)*
----------------------------

 * New: Other annotation processors using this tool as a library can now specify factory superinterfaces
   with any type, not just a class.
 * Fix: Allow duplicates for provided dependencies. Dagger does not prohibit this so neither should this tool.


Version 0.3.3 *(2019-03-07)*
----------------------------

 * Fix: Support `@AssistedModule`s which are generated by other annotation processors.


Version 0.3.2 *(2018-11-27)*
----------------------------

 * Relax the message for when zero assisted parameters or zero provided parameters were used from being
   an error to a warning. While assisted injection isn't needed in either of those cases, nothing actually
   prevent it from still working.


Version 0.3.1 *(2018-11-19)*
----------------------------

 * Fix: Honor abstract factory methods which come from supertypes.
 * Fix: Support generic use in factory parameters and return type.


Version 0.3.0 *(2018-10-16)*
----------------------------

 * New: Allow multiple assisted parameters of the same type. This also brings validation that all
   parameter names in the factory match those of the constructor. Without this, there is no way to
   correctly match arguments when multiple of the same type are present.
 * New: Validate that modules annotated with `@AssistedModule` or `@InflationModule` actually include
   the generated module in their `includes=` list.
 * New: Include a `@Generated` annotation which is appropriate for the target JDK on all generated code.
 * Fix: Mark invalid usages of `@Assisted` at compile time:
   * Cannot be used on a non-constructor parameter.
   * Cannot be used on a constructor without `@AssistedInject` or `@InflationInject`.
   * Cannot be used on a constructor which is annotated with `@Inject`.
 * Fix: Inflation injection now validates that targets are subtypes of View rather than generating
   code which fails to compile.
 * Fix: Support injection of primitives by boxing them when generating a `Provider<..>` type.
 * Fix: Generate correct code for types which are nested inside others.


Version 0.2.1 *(2018-09-04)*
----------------------------

* Fix: Ensure the generated Dagger 2 module is public if the user-defined module is public.


Version 0.2.0 *(2018-08-20)*
----------------------------

 * New: Android view-inflation injection! Inject dependencies into your custom views as constructor
   parameters while still allowing inflation from XML.
 * Fix: Factory parameter order is no longer required to match constructor parameter order.
 * Fix: Requesting a `Provider<T>` injection now works correctly.
 * Fix: Duplicate assisted or provided dependencies now issue a compiler error.
 * Fix: Validate visibility of the type, constructor, and factory prior to generating the factory.
   This produces a better error message instead of generating code that will fail to compile.


Version 0.1.2 *(2017-07-19)*
----------------------------

 * Fix: Support creating parameterized types.


Version 0.1.1 *(2017-07-03)*
----------------------------

 * Fix: Ensure annotation processors are registered as such in the jar.


Version 0.1.0 *(2017-07-02)*
----------------------------

Initial preview release.
